Explaination of client-side operation:
	These commands assume that the VM has been provisioned with a host-side
	named pipe attached to COM2 of the VM.  All self-management commands are
	issued by sending data over this virtual serial port.  There is no reason
	why these commands should not function from any client OS which can locate
	and send data over the COM2 serial port.
	
	Each command is formed by a single-byte ASCII command code and a second
	ASCII command byte which signals the end of the command request.  Some
	commands allow or expect that text will be provided between the declaration
	of the command and the end of the command.
	
	Under the assumption that the client OS is some form of windows or DOS, the
	commands may be issued easily from the command prompt in the following
	manner:
	
		C:\>  echo ^N^E > com2
	
	The '^N' and '^E' characters are produced in the command prompt by the
	keystrokes 'Ctrl-N' and 'Ctrl-E' respectively.
	
	When a command can accept text within the command, the format would be:
	
		C:\>  echo ^NArbitrary Text^E > com2
	
	There is at least one command available which attempts to send data from
	the host to the VM via the serial port.  I have found no reliable way to
	read that data from a basic command prompt.  I have, however, been able to
	request and retrieve that data by use of Powershell on the client.  At this
	time, there are no plans to build an alternative return path for
	communication.
	
	
Commands:

	  Command			Byte	Keystroke	ASCII
	New Snapshot		0x0E	Ctrl-N		Shift Out (SO)
	Open Snapshot		0x0F	Ctrl-O		Shift In (SI)
	Delete Snapshot		0x04	Ctrl-D		End of Transmission (EOT)
	Write to log		0x17	Ctrl-W		End Transmit Block (ETB)
	Read log			0x12	Ctrl-R		Device Control 2 (DC2)
	Boot other VM		0x02	Ctrl-B		Start Text (STX)
	
	End Command			0x05	Ctrl-E		Enquiry (ENQ)
	
Notes on commands:
	All snapshot commands will accept an optional snapshot name.  If no name is
	provided, the most recent snapshot will be assumed.

	Delete Snapshot Tree - You can delete a complete snapshot tree by declaring
						"Delete Snapshot" twice as the start of the command.
						Be aware that if no snapshot name is supplied, then the
						following two commands are equivalent:
							"^D^E"		"^D^D^E"
	
	Boot other VM - This command requires a VM name be supplied.  If the named
					VM exists, then the host service will attempt to start it.
					If the VM does not exist or is already running, no action
					will be taken.
	
	Write to log -	While this does not *require* text to be supplied, it will
					only record text supplied between the '^W' and the '^E'.
					That being said, a multi-line log message may be 
					accomplished by issuing this command, but waiting to close
					it.  Example below:
						echo ^WThis is the first line. > com2
						echo Second line. > com2
						echo Last line^E > com2
	
	Read log -	All data from the log is writen to the virtual serial port.
				The data is terminated with and additional ASCII 0x1A appended
				to signal the end of the stream.


